<h1>EmberConf 2016</h1>
  <p>I have a confession to make. . I might have put off posting this particular blog post. Not only had end of EmberComf brought with it frantic studying and midterms but I also have been working on polishing up my blog since this my first "real" Ember project. I wanted to reminisce about the amazing time I had there and to be able to post it here as a double celebration of how much I loved going to EmberConf. </p>
  <p>This was my first time attending a conference. I had been alerted to the fact that some conferences give out scholarship tickets and I decided to take a leap of faith and apply. I felt like it was meant to be since the conference took place right in the middle of my spring break and I wouldn't be missing any classes. I might have been teased for getting so excited about trying to go to a conference but to me this was an opportunity to meet people outside of my internship and outside of school. </p>

  <p> I was actually introduced to Ember (and programming in general) by my boyfriend. He is an incredible software engineer, mentor and Ember enthusiast. He's the one that has pushed me to keep learning and is basically my personal stackOverflow. So he was just as excited as I was when I got the email saying I had received a ticket to attend this year's conference. </p>

  <p> It started with some awesome pre-conference monday activities such as Women helping Women who held a public speaking workshop before our luncheon. It was a nice way to begin my time there we did improv exercises and related to each other in our fears of tripping off stages. I think that workshop could have really benefited everyone who was speaking or considering speaking but it was nice to have a better opportunity to get to know some of the ladies there. After the workshop we were joined by a few others for lunch where we had the chance to chat over amazing food and wine. I sat in the middle of a table and felt pretty inspired being surrounded by successful women. </p>

  <p> Later that day I got lost walking around Portland and made some new friends at a wine bar before heading back to the convention center to take part in the Mentorship night. The setup was great and made it really easy to chat with everyone there. The initial meet and greet was followed by a kind of mentor "speed dating" which was a great way to get to talk a little more in depth with some of the people who were there. It was an awesome way to get introduced to members of the Ember community before the start of the conference. </p>

  <p>Despite the fun I had monday, day one for me was mildly terrifying. I've always been a little awkward at social interactions and while I expected to be slightly overwhelmed I didn't expect the huge slap of intimidation involved in sitting in a room of almost a thousand people whom (from what I could tell) seemed to know what they were doing. I felt like such an impostor with my silly little blog and only experience with programming being small school assignments and half done personal projects but instead of letting those negative thoughts consume me I switched my thinking. </p>

  <p> I was in a room full of successful, intelligent, ambitious people - a truly inspiring community that had come together to celebrate the leaps and bounds of this framework. These were people to aspire to and proof that learning to program isn't impossible or wizardry it was something I could achieve with dedication and time. I let that sink in as I settled in to hear the opening keynote with Yehuda Katz and Tom Dale. </p>

  <p> Soon enough those fears melted away and I was frantically typing notes of intriguing concepts to explore later on. I loved hearing more about the origins of Ember from SproutCore and Debugging my code with "Empathy". My favorite for the day  was a talk about how someone grew to love Ember. There was a whole part of the "programming" world that tutorials, books and stackOverflow could never teach me. This community was filled to the brim with people whose love for their craft was something they couldn't wait to share. This meant day two at EmberConf for me was met with much less hesitation. I learned about the concepts of testing, best practices, performance and my absolute favorite: how to build a compiler. It fascinating, approachable and I could actually follow what he was trying to show in the code! </p>

 <p> I'm pretty sure I probably was the least technical person at EmberConf but this experience has opened my eyes to all the possibilities of what programming can accomplish. It's an iceberg that I have barely began to explore and I am so honored to have been given the opportunity to attend EmberComf as my first conference. It was an amazing experience to be exposed to so many new ideas, concepts and incredible people. Thank you Ember for cultivating such a warm and welcoming community and for creating such a beautiful ambitious framework.I can't wait to see what else is in store for the future and to hopefully be able to attend next years conference as well! </p>
 <!-- >*All good ideas will eventually end up in Ember*
 -->


