<h1>Project RoadBlock</h1>
  <em>This week I was assigned a "simple" project. Create an extension that would bring up a web-view into full screen when launched. Fortunately I was given an example on Github to get started with so that I didn't have to create the entire thing from scratch. Next week I'll tackle understanding the Javascript required to create the extension but for now I had to find a way to make this thing go fullscreen automatically.</em>

<p>First I referenced:  [Google Chrome's API](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/api_index) to see if there was a specific API that I could use. After a quick "⌘F" to look for through the document for keywords and a few minutes puzzling through their documentation it became apparent that I wasn't going to find it easily.</p>

 <p> Next I decided to check out: [Chrome App Samples](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-app-samples) which are the official samples for the Chrome Apps Platform. Since my webview sample had been located in this repository I hoped to find some type of sample that I could implement in my own code. Again this wasn't a success and I figured it was time to utilize some other sources.</P>

  <p>Besides just googling for key terms there are a few websites in particular I find myself going back to for most of my questions. [Mozilla Developer Network](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/) is a great resource that provides tons of information about open web technologies and is useful for understanding concepts. Also [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/) tends to be great place to look when I am stuck on how to implement something. Unfortunately all my of research this week was a little fruitless. As it turns out Chrome makes it difficult to launch into full screen for security issues. People would create apps that would automatically go to fullscreen and mimic important security sensitive sites. From what I gathered,it is possible to use a hotkey or an onClick event to trigger fullscreen but for Chrome extensions they have removed of making it an automatic event.</p>

 <p> After a full day of searching, reading and attempting to implement different ideas I hadn't quite found the solution I was searching for but I did learn the value of how helpful a google search can be. As an added bonus the developers spent the last half of my time there on Thursday to attempt to figure out a solution to my problem. They didn't get much farther than I did but it was awesome to see them googling and referencing the same materials I had been looking through all week. </p>